Jaden: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
Man: IF IT ISN'T
AXEL BRODIE.
SUCH AN UNEXPECTED
PLEASURE.
YOU'RE GOING DOWN.
AAGH!
ENJOY YOUR STAY.
I THINK YOU'LL
BE MOST PLEASED
WITH THE ACCOMMODATIONS.
Man: SINCE ARRIVING HERE,
WE'VE BEEN JUMPED,
AMBUSHED, TRICKED,
AND TRAPPED.
WHY IS VIPER DOING
ALL OF THIS?
WE KNOW THAT VIPER
IS WORKING HARD
TO KEEP US FROM
FINDING HIM.
HE'S BEEN DRAINING
ENERGY FROM STUDENTS
AND NOW HE'S AFTER US.
COME ON, LET'S
HURRY UP AND FIND JADEN
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
I SEE YOU'VE FOUND
THE SCHEMATICS
OF VIPER'S HIDEOUT.
Woman: AFFIRMATIVE,
NOTICE ANYTHING STRANGE?
THE BASEMENT,
IT'S 20 TIMES THE SIZE
OF THE WHOLE REST
OF THE FACILITY
BUT WHY?
MY GUESS.
THE CARD HE'S HIDING
IS DOWN THERE SOMEWHERE.
YOU TELL US
WHERE VIPER IS!
AAGH!
I'M SORRY.
JESSE, YOU OK?
LET ME HELP.
IT'S COOL.
I'LL BE OK.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE HUNT DOWN VIPER
AND PUT AN END
TO ALL THIS.
Man: HA!
YOUR SERVICES ARE
NO LONGER REQUIRED.
I HAVE ALL
THE ENERGY I NEED.
WHAT'S THIS?
[GASPS]
NO. STILL NOT ENOUGH?
IT APPEARS HE
COVETS MORE ENERGY
THAN I HAD INITIALLY
ANTICIPATED.
YOU'RE MORE POWERFUL THAN
I EVER IMAGINED, AREN'T YOU?
LOOKS LIKE I'LL BE
NEEDING ONE MORE DUEL...
WITH JADEN.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Man: SYRUS, ARE YOU SURE THIS
IS THE WAY BACK TO JADEN?
MMM, I THOUGHT
I WAS FOLLOWING YOU.
[MAN SCREAMS]
[SNARL]
MY DINO DNA IS PICKING
UP THOSE VIBES AGAIN!
THOSE VIBES ARE
OFF THE CHART.
IT'S VIPER!
HE MUST BE
AT IT AGAIN!
JADEN!
[GRUNTING]
[THINKING]
I GOTTA FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO ESCAPE.
Man: STILL HERE?
[CHUCKLES]
TEMPER, TEMPER.
AXEL BRODIE, YOU'RE
GOING TO PAY FOR THAT.
Axel: BET YOU DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING!
HUH?
COULD THAT
BE A WAY OUT?
LET'S SEE WHAT'S
HIDING UNDER HERE.
[BRICK PIECES CLANKING]
WELL, IT'S A START!
WHAT'S THIS?
I THINK IT'S TIME I DID
A LITTLE SOLE-SEARCHING!
[GRUNTING]
WHOA!
SO, IS THIS
THE PENTHOUSE?
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?!
[THINKING]
TIME FOR ME TO
DROP IN ON VIPER!
[GRUNTING]
OH, COME ON!
CUT ME SOME SLACK!
AAGH!
Alexis: OVER HERE!
SOMEONE MUST HAVE
LOST THEIR CARDS.
COULD THEY
BELONG TO JADEN?
I SURE HOPE HE'S OK!
JADEN, I BROUGHT
YOU SOME WATER!
BUT I LEFT HIM
RIGHT HERE!
MAYBE SOMETHING
TOOK HIM
DOWN THERE!
BOY, THAT DUEL REALLY TOOK
IT OUT OF YOU, HUH, JESSE?
LITTLE BIT.
BUT WE GOTTA GET SOME
GIDDY UP IN OUR STEP.
DON'T WORRY.
REST IS FOR
THE WEARY, JADEN.
OK, JESSE...
BUT, YOU SEE, RIGHT NOW
YOU ARE THE WEARY.
THEY'LL FIND US.
AND JIM, OF COURSE.
WELL, THAT'S
A RELIEF!
SO, WHAT YOU
RECKON, JAY?
THEY GOT THE GUMPTION
TO LOOK IN HERE?
I MEAN I KNOW THEY'D
FOLLOW YOU DOWN HERE,
'CAUSE THEY'D FOLLOW
YOUR LEAD ANYWHERE.
[THINKING]
WEIRD... PROFESSOR STEIN SAID
THE SAME THING IN OUR DUEL,
JUST NOT AS NICE.
YOU'RE ONE OF THE TOP
DUELISTS IN THIS SCHOOL,
DESPITE YOUR
DESPICABLE GRADES.
THIS HAS LEAD OTHER
STUDENTS TO FOLLOW YOU LEAD!
THANKS TO YOU,
EVERYONE THINKS THEY
CAN SLEEP THEIR WAY
THROUGH THE SEMESTER
AND STILL SUCCEED.
WELL, MY FRIENDS BETTER NOT
BE ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL NOW!
Alexis: YOU'RE OK!
I CARRIED IT FOR HOURS...
WITH NO SPILLS!
HA HA HA!
I DIG THE LEAF...
BUT I'M JUST
NOT THIRSTY!
[WHIMPERS]
Alexis: SO, WHAT HAPPENED?!
HMPH!
VIPER HAD DUELISTS
WAITING FOR US...
TOOK A PRETTY BIG
TOLL ON US, TOO!
AMBUSH,
HUH?!
MATE, THOSE DUELS MUST
HAVE TUCKERED YOU OUT!
YEAH...
BUT I WISH YOU COULD
SEE THE OTHER GUY.
HE JUST VANISHED.
YOU MEAN HE JUST LEFT.
NOPE. HE VANISHED.
ALL RIGHTY!
SO, WHAT'S
THE NEXT MOVE, GUYS?
TAKE VIPER DOWN!
MY GIGOMETER
INDICATES
A STRONG ENERGY
PRESENCE...
UP OVER THERE!
Y'ALL READY NOW?
OH, YEAH!
LET'S GO!
Syrus: YA KNOW,
I CARRIED THAT WATER
FOR 3 EPISODES, JAY.
THEY'RE COMING FOR ME.
JUST AS I HAD HOPED FOR!
AND, SOON,
ANY ENERGY THAT
JADEN POSSESSES...
WILL ALL BE YOURS!
HEY, THERE, VIPER!
HUH?
WHAT BRINGS YOU
ALL THE WAY DOWN
HERE, MR. GECKO?
THE CARD, BIG GUY.
I KNOW YOU HAVE IT,
SO WHY NOT CUT
TO THE CHASE
AND JUST HAND
IT OVER TO ME?
HA!
NOW THEN...
YOU CAN GIVE IT OR
I CAN TAKE IT!
ADRIAN, WHATEVER ARE
YOU REFERRING TO?
I DON'T KNOW
OF ANY CARD
BEING KEPT DOWN HERE.
NOW THIS IS ALL VERY
INTERESTING,
BUT I'M LATE.
YOU SEE, I HAVE A DUEL
WITH JADEN YUKI.
DON'T THINK SO!
IT'S JUST ME
AND YOU NOW!
CANCEL ALL YOUR
APPOINTMENTS FOR THE DAY!
MY INTEL INDICATES
THAT YOU HAVE THE CARD.
I'M NOT LEAVING
UNTIL I HAVE IT.
AND NEITHER ARE YOU!
HUH?
JUST WANTED TO BE SURE
THAT I HAD YOUR
UNDIVIDED ATTENTION!
Jaden:
THAT DOESN'T SOUND GOOD!
Syrus: AAH!
I DIDN'T DO IT!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!
LOOK, GUYS!
HUH?
Computer Voice: ATTENTION!
QUARANTINE PROCEDURES
HAVE BEEN INITIATED.
PLEASE EVACUATE
THE FACILITY IMMEDIATELY.
ANYONE REMAINING
WILL BE TERMINATED.
HAVE A NICE DAY.
"TERMINATED?!"
YOU HEARD HER!
LET'S GO!
[GRUNT]
AS YOU CAN SEE,
YOUR DUEL WITH JADEN
HAS BEEN POSTPONED.
BUT AS A CONSOLATION PRIZE...
WE'LL DUEL INSTEAD!
BUT THESE BRACELETS OF
YOURS DON'T PLAY FAIR,
SO I'M TAKING THEM
OUT OF THE EQUATION.
READY?
'CAUSE I'M PLANNING
A DIFFERENT KIND OF DUEL!
YOU WANT TO FIGHT ME?!
WELL, THIS SHOULDN'T
BE TOO DIFFICULT.
[GRUNT]
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO'S BEEN HITTING
THE GYM, BUDDY!
HAI!
[CHUCKLES]
KARATE?
REMINDS ME OF MY
DAYS IN BOOT CAMP.
THIS SHOULD BE FUN.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
COME ON!
HMM.
THAT'S IT?!
[CHUCKLING]
[YELLING]
HUH?
NICE MOVE, GECKO.
IN FACT...
A LITTLE TOO GOOD...
FOR A SUPPOSED
"FINANCIAL BUREAUCRAT"
SUCH AS YOURSELF!
I'M BEGINNING TO SUSPECT
THAT YOU MIGHT IN FACT BE
AN ELITE OPERATIVE
FOR THE GECKO
FINANCIAL GROUP!
Computer:
WARNING! YOU HAVE 30
SECONDS TO EVACUATE!
[ALL PANTING]
Jim: QUICKLY, NOW.
THOSE DOORS
ARE CLOSING FAST!
[GASPING]
Hassleberry:
OVER THERE, SOLDIERS!
Syrus:
WE'LL NEVER MAKE IT.
WE'RE TOO LATE!
GREAT!
[GASP]
AXEL?!
HURRY, YOU GUYS!
YOU'RE RUNNING
OUT OF TIME!
HE'S RIGHT!
THERE'S NO ARGUING
WITH THAT!
THAT'S FOR SURE!
LET'S GET MOVING!
FASTER!
THE ROPES WON'T HOLD!
HERE, LET ME HELP YOU!
FORGET IT!
JUST GO! GO!
THANKS, BRODIE!
AXEL! COME ON!
YOU FIRST, JADEN!
I'LL BE RIGHT
BEHIND YOU, I PROMISE!
NOW, GET GOING!
I MEAN IT!
NOT WITHOUT YOU!
WILL YOU QUIT IT?
JADEN!
THE OTHER DOOR
IS CLOSING!
HURRY UP!
JUST GO!
I'M THROUGH!
NOW COME ON!
[GRUNTING]
I'LL BE RIGHT
BEHIND YOU,
YOU HEAR ME?
Hassleberry:
COME ON, SOLDIER...
HIT THE DECK!
Jaden: WHERE'S AXEL?
HE WAS RIGHT BEHIND ME.
HE'S BACK THERE.
ONLY YOU CAME THROUGH.
HE RISKED HIS
LIFE FOR US.
IT WON'T BE IN VAIN!
ADRIAN, WHAT'S IT LIKE
TO BE AN ELITE OPERATIVE
FOR THE GECKO
FINANCIAL GROUP?
DID DADDY GET YOU IN?
QUIT STALLING!
TIME'S UP!
NOW HAND OVER
THAT CARD!
EARN IT!
ALL RIGHT!
THEN I'LL TAKE IT
FROM YOU!
TOO SLOW!
THIS CAN BE EASY.
JUST GIVE ME WHAT I WANT,
AND I'LL BE ON MY WAY.
THE CHOICE IS YOURS!
HMM!
YOUR ARM!
SORRY, GECKO,
BUT IT ENDS HERE!
NO MORE GAMES!
WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?
[CHUCKLES]
IT APPEARS THE FULL
SCOPE OF YOUR MISSION
WASN'T REVEALED TO YOU.
IT'S NOT JUST
"THE CARD" YOU WERE AFTER,
BUT THE POWER BEHIND IT.
THE POWER?
WHAT'S REALLY GOING
ON HERE, VIPER?
OH, DON'T WORRY...
IT WILL ALL BE
MADE CLEAR TO YOU.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME...
I HAVE A DUEL WITH
MR. JADEN YUKI!
OF COURSE...
FEEL FREE TO STICK AROUND
A WHILE AFTER I'M GONE.
MY FRIEND WILL BE SURE TO
KEEP A CLOSE EYE ON YOU.
[LAUGHING]
[GRUNT]
[HASSLEBERRY GRUNTS]
THAT'S REALLY STARTING
TO BUG ME!
MORE WAVES?
CORRECT!
THAT WAS THE MOST
POWERFUL PULSE OF ENERGY
REGISTERED SO FAR.
[GASP]
HEY, SOMETHING'S
MOVING!
IT'S VIPER!
[LAUGHTER]
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHING]
WHERE COULD
HE BE GOING?
YA THINK HE WANTS
US TO FOLLOW HIM?
WELL, LET'S FIND OUT!
[GRUNTING]
IF I GET DOWN.
THE CARD WILL BE ALL MINE.
BUT FIRST I GOTTA FIND OUT
WHO THIS FRIEND OF VIPER'S IS.
Boy of Light:
ADRIAN...
I'M GLAD YOU STAYED
TO PLAY WITH ME.
THIS MUST BE A TRICK.
IT CAN'T BE REAL.
BUT I AM ADRIAN,
AND YOU AND I ARE
GONNA BE BEST FRIENDS.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
DO YOU LIKE
TO PLAY GAMES?
LET ME DOWN FROM HERE!
BUT THEN WHO WILL
I PLAY WITH?
I WON'T HURT YOU,
I PROMISE.
WE'VE KNOWN EACH
OTHER FOREVER.
YOU DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT ME!
YES, I DO...
I KNOW EVERYTHING...
I CAN READ
YOUR MIND.
IT'S MY FAVORITE
GAME TO PLAY.
AND THIS GAME IS
JUST GETTING STARTED.
I'LL GO FIRST.
WHEN YOU WERE SMALL,
ALL YOU WANTED
WAS TO BE SEEN,
BUT NO ONE EVER SAW YOU.
WE JUST WANTED
TO BE LOVED,
BUT THEY HAD NO
TIME FOR US.
LET'S REMEMBER TOGETHER.
Father:
WELCOME TO YOUR
NEW HOME, ADRIAN.
YOU MEAN...
I GET TO LIVE HERE?!
HELLO!
HUH?
Father:
THIS IS ECHO, ADRIAN.
SHE'LL BE
YOUR NEW FRIEND.
IF THERE'S ANYTHING
YOU NEED...
JUST ASK.
REMEMBER: YOU'RE PART
OF THE GECKO FAMILY NOW.
Adrian: THAT WAS ONE OF
THE BEST DAYS OF MY LIFE.
I HAD EVERYTHING
I HAD EVER WANTED...
A FRIEND...
A LOVING FAMILY...
AND A HOME.
Boy of Light:
YES, THE WORLD'S MOST POPULAR
FAMILY ADOPTED YOU,
AND YOU THOUGHT LIFE
WOULD BE PERFECT!
YOU KNEW YOUR DAD WAS
QUITE THE SPORTSMAN.
SO YOU TRAINED
TO BE THE BEST,
SOMEONE
HE COULD BE PROUD OF.
[GIGGLE]
THEN, SOMEDAY...
MAYBE HE WOULD EVEN
LOVE YOU.
BUT, NO!
IT WASN'T TO BE!
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE,
THEY BROKE THEIR
PROMISE TO YOU!
Father:
ADRIAN, LOOK.
SOON, YOUR BROTHER
WILL BE HERE...
MY ONE TRUE SON.
SO YOU LET YOUR JEALOUSY
OUT IN THE RING,
HOPING YOU COULD BE
NUMBER ONE AGAIN.
WHERE WERE YOUR PARENTS
NOW?!
ALL THE PROMISES
MADE TO YOU...
WERE HIS.
YOU HAD ALWAYS
WANTED A BIG FAMILY,
BUT IT JUST WASN'T
BIG ENOUGH FOR YOU.
ADRIAN... YOUR PARENTS...
THEY...
THEY STILL LOVE YOU.
BUT THERE'S A LOT GOING ON NOW.
YOU'LL SEE, IT'LL BE
JUST LIKE BEFORE.
[GIGGLES]
Adrian:
I FELT IN MY HEART
ECHO WAS RIGHT,
THAT SOON,
EVERYTHING WOULD BE
BACK TO THE WAY IT WAS.
Boy of Light:
BUT IT WASN'T, WAS IT?
THINGS WERE NEVER
THE SAME AGAIN.
BUT AFTER
ALL THESE YEARS,
YOU STILL TRY,
HOPING TO PROVE
YOURSELF WORTHY...
TO A FATHER WHO NEVER
SAW THE TRUE YOU.
BUT I SEE YOUR WORTH.
CAN WE PLAY
ANOTHER GAME NOW?
Jaden: THIS WAY, GUYS!
WELCOME, FRIENDS.
GLAD YOU COULD JOIN ME.
YOU WON'T BE!
VIPER, TIME TO END
ALL OF THIS!
TOO MANY PEOPLE HAVE
GOTTEN HURT ALREADY!
THAT'S RIGHT!
TURN OFF
THESE BIOBANDS!
[CHUCKLE]
REST EASY, MY DEAR!
IT WILL ALL
BE OVER SOON!
BUT FIRST, I NEED ONE
MORE THING FROM YOU!
JADEN,
WITH YOUR ASSISTANCE,
I WILL COMPLETE MY MISSION!
I'M NOT HELPING
YOU WITH ANYTHING!
GOT THAT?
[DEVICE BEEPS]
WE'LL SEE.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
HOLD ON!
Jim: LOOKS LIKE HE'S TAKING
US TOPSIDE, MATES!
[LOUD RUMBLING]
Hassleberry:
DUEL ACADEMY
AT 12:00!
Syrus: GUYS,
I HAVE A SERIOUS
FEAR OF HEIGHTS!
DON'T YOU SEE?
YOU'RE ALL MINE NOW, JADEN!
LOOK AROUND.
THERE'S NO ESCAPE!
THE ONLY WAY DOWN
IS FOR YOU TO DEFEAT ME!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
LET HIM GAIN ALL
HIS STRENGTH BACK,
AND THEN YOU
CAN DUEL HIM!
YA BIG BULLY!
I'LL DUEL HIM!
I'VE TAKEN DOWN BIGGER!
HMM.
YOU'RE NOT WORTH THE TIME
OR THE EFFORT.
THE ONE I WANT
IS JADEN YUKI!
HE'S THE ONLY
ONE I'LL DUEL!
OH, YEAH?
THEN WE GOT
SOMETHING IN COMMON.
'CAUSE YOU'RE
THE ONLY ONE
THAT I WANT TO DUEL!
LOOKS TO ME
LIKE IT'S TIME
TO GET YOUR GAME ON,
VIPER!
Jesse: JADEN!
Hassleberry:
YOU SURE, SARGE?!
OH, YEAH!
THIS CREEP'S
GOING DOWN!
THERE'S NO WAY
I COULD PASS UP
THE CHANCE TO
DUEL THIS GUY!
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF SNAKES...
AND I'M DEFINITELY
NOT AFRAID OF YOU!
[THINKING]
I'M SO PLEASED THIS DUEL
WILL CONTINUE, JADEN.
I'M SURE I WON'T
BE DISAPPOINTED.
YOUR POWER IS GREAT,
AND SOON, YOU WILL HELP
BRING HIM BACK TO ME!
GAME ON!
HERE GOES SOMETHING!
MY DRAW!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN!
YOU'RE UP, VIPER!
AND YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
TO START...
I'LL SUMMON...
VENOM SNAKE!
CAREFUL OF HIS BITE.
YOU SEE, ONCE PER ROUND,
MY SNAKE CAN STRIKE
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
DIRECTLY!
BITES CAN CAUSE
PAINFUL WOUNDS.
YOU'LL SEE,
BECAUSE HIS FANGS MAKE
QUITE THE IMPRESSION.
NOW, THEN...
I SHALL PLAY TWO
FACEDOWN CARDS...
AND NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
VENOM SWAMP!
Syrus: EWW!
THIS LOOKS JUST LIKE
A SLIFER SHOWER STALL.
WELCOME TO THE MUCK!
WITH THIS FIELD SPELL,
ALL MONSTERS
THAT ARE NON-VENOM
ARE POISONED,
STARTING WITH CLAYMAN.
WHAT?!
[GASP]
WITH EACH BITE,
HE LOSES 500
ATTACK POINTS!
IT'S FEEDING TIME
FOR MY SNAKES!
MY HERO!
HIS ATTACK POINTS
WILL SOON BE ZERO.
THEN THE VENOM SPREADS
AND ATTACKS YOUR
MONSTER DIRECTLY
UNTIL IT'S DESTROYED!
CLAYMAN?
[CHUCKLING]
[GROWL]
ANY MONSTER YOU'RE
THINKING TO SUMMON
WILL BE NO MATCH FOR ME
OR THE POISON OF MY BITE!
SOON YOUR ENERGY
WILL BE ALL MINE,
AND THE AWAKENING
SHALL COMMENCE!
[GROAN]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪